You will create a function using the arrow syntax that should return the average marks of a subject.
Your function should loop through the array that is passed in. For each student contained within, you should: 1. Check if the subject passed into your function is in said student's results object; 2. If it is, add it to a cumulative total of all results for that subject. 3. Finally, return the average result for the subject.
You will only be asked to return the average marks for the subject english, but your function must be able to return the average marks if another subject name is used, and the tests will check for this.
Declare a variable named averagePoints using the keyword const
Assign it an arrow function, which should take two parameters named: arr and subject
The function should have a return statement
Declare a variable named: averageMarks using the keyword let
Assign it the return value from calling the function averagePoints, and passing it the students array and one of the following strings: 'maths', 'english', 'cad', 'science', 'art'
log out the variable averageMarks to see its value
The function should return the correct value no matter which subject is used.
شما یک تابع با استفاده از دستور فلش ایجاد خواهید کرد که باید میانگین نمره یک موضوع را برگرداند. تابع شما باید از طریق آرایه ای که به آن ارسال می شود حلقه بزند. برای هر دانش آموز موجود در داخل، شما باید: 1. بررسی کنید که آیا موضوع ارسال شده به تابع شما در شیء نتایج دانش آموز مذکور است یا خیر. 2. اگر چنین است، آن را به مجموع کل نتایج برای آن موضوع اضافه کنید. 3. در نهایت، میانگین نتیجه را برای موضوع برگردانید. فقط از شما خواسته می شود که میانگین نمرات موضوع انگلیسی را برگردانید، اما اگر از نام موضوع دیگری استفاده شود، تابع شما باید بتواند میانگین نمرات را برگرداند، و آزمون ها این را بررسی می کنند. با استفاده از کلمه کلیدی const متغیری به نام averagePoints اعلام کنید یک تابع فلش به آن اختصاص دهید، که باید دو پارامتر به نام‌های arr و subject را داشته باشد تابع باید یک عبارت بازگشتی داشته باشد با استفاده از کلمه کلیدی let، متغیری را به نام متوسط ​​علامت گذاری کنید مقدار بازگشتی حاصل از فراخوانی تابع averagePoints را به آن اختصاص دهید و آرایه دانش‌آموزان و یکی از رشته‌های زیر را ارسال کنید: 'maths'، 'english'، 'cad'، 'science'، 'art' از متغیر averageMarks خارج شوید تا مقدار آن را ببینید تابع باید مقدار صحیح را بدون توجه به موضوعی که استفاده می شود، برگرداند.
